This is a complex example with formatting.
Here, we use colors, IDs, and classes.
Bonjour we have 2 speakers and a language tag
There's also positioningtop and line alignment.
Multiple nested elements are here too.
FIVE
Look, timestamps  are used.....
The styles applied here demonstrate use of classes, IDs, and attributes.
REGION
id:specialplace1
width:50%
lines:3
viewportAnchor:25%,10%
regionAnchor:25%,0%
REGION
id:specialplace2
width:50%
lines:2
viewportAnchor:75%,90%
regionAnchor:75%,100%
REGION
id:specialplace3
width:70%
lines:1
viewportAnchor:20%,50%
regionAnchor:0%,50%
REGION
id:specialplace4
width:70%
lines:3
viewportAnchor:80%,50%
regionAnchor:100%,50%
REGION
id:specialplace5
width:60%
lines:2
viewportAnchor:40%,25%
regionAnchor:40%,25%
REGION
id:specialplace6
width:80%
lines:1
viewportAnchor:50%,75%
regionAnchor:50%,75%
REGION
id:specialplace7
width:50%
lines:3
viewportAnchor:50%,50%
regionAnchor:50%,50%
REGION
id:specialplace8
width:50%
lines:3
viewportAnchor:75%,10%
regionAnchor:75%,0%
PLACE1
Viewport Anchor: 25%, 10% Region Anchor: 25%, 0%
Width: 50%, Lines: 3
Additional line 2
PLACE2
Viewport Anchor: 75%, 90% Region Anchor: 75%, 100%
Width: 50%, Lines: 2
PLACE3
Viewport Anchor: 20%, 50% Region Anchor: 0%, 50%
Width: 70%, Lines: 1
Additional line 2
Additional line 3
PLACE4
Viewport Anchor: 80%, 50% Region Anchor: 100%, 50%
Width: 70%, Lines: 3
Additional line 2
Additional line 4
PLACE5
Viewport Anchor: 40%, 25% Region Anchor: 40%, 25% - Lines: 2
Width: 60%, Lines: 2
PLACE6
Viewport Anchor: 50%, 75% Region Anchor: 50%, 75% - Lines: 1
Width: 80%, Lines: 1,size:90, position:10
Additional line 2
Additional line 3
PLACE7
Viewport Anchor: 50%, 50% Region Anchor: 50%, 50%
Width: 50%, Lines: 3,size:80, position:50
Additional line 2
Additional line 3
PLACE8
Viewport Anchor: 75%, 10% Region Anchor: 75%, 0%
Width: 50%, Lines: 3,size:50, position:0
Additional line 2
Additional line 3